alright here's a video of my 2080 has
four as you can see here the suspension
is dropped ahh you can see the 17 x 10 6
e wheels fixie FM 10 17 x 10 all around
i'll give you an idea for the paint
there's a little dusty from sitting so
it's not quite as glossy as it would be
but still pretty glossy C&C show you
here it's my reflection in the trunk
show you full try to get full shot of
the car show you the few blemishes that
it does have here you can see the
windshield crack all right along here
that is from the photo shoot with euro
tuner the suction cups they used for the
photo shoot for the rigging setup cause
that here's that tiny crack in the front
bumper see that here see that there next
to my finger OEM rs4 mesh in there
welded rs4 grill with a custom ours for
bumper pull the fenders you can see the
body work here really good clean very
clean body work and the paint was done
by jmi motoring they did an awesome job
and then here's that crack in the rear
you can see here it's the crack in the
rear quarter there and I will show you
the interior of the car here there's the
interior status ring racing seats and
chocolate brown leather with chocolate
brown leather door cards and piano black
trim throughout this was a really
expensive shift knob the rob knob to
which is discontinued and took me a
while to find that had that sprayed
piano block as well along with the armor
and then the headliner is done in a
matching brown cloth can match the
deceit and then inside the armrest here
the air suspension components and
they're mounted on the old cell phone
thing so it flips up like that show you
that again six down and you can push it
up like that I usually keep it down and
start the car up for you and raise up
the suspension and see that um well I'm
back here I'll show you the rear of the
car it's Boston 10 inch sub all the
suspension components are mounted under
here and the diamond amp and the CD
changer see shot through the interior of
the car you know sharp the start the car
up and show you the suspension here so
there's a car started up as you can see
there's the mileage florida and the
pixels on the screen are a little bit
off but still completely read what it
says read the car up for you here
sounds really good with the custom two
and a quarter inch down pipes and
exhaust here's the suspension this
raises the whole car this is just the
front just the rear and then side to
side on the front and side to side on
the rear so raise it up for you I've
just raised up the front now here goes
the rear make sure everything's all the
way up I'll show you how high the car
goes
there's shot of the rear in the front
tons of clearance I can fit my whole
fist in there without it touching so
quite a bit of clearance there and front
is a little bit less but a still quite a
bit of clearance name so i'll show you
the engine bay real quick there's the
keycode headlights so the engine bay is
that paint it in a gold the y-pipe just
getting it in a gold high temp paint
along with the head there and the intake
the full stage three KO fours viewing
down pipes exhaust diverter valves post
get pretty much has it all runs like a
champ I haven't had a single problem
with it and so yeah there's the car hope
you're still interested sorry for the
delay on getting the video to you again
there you can see the OEM ok for our 30
steering wheel and before i leave i'll
let you hear the exhaust one more time
i'll set the camera down
I know
so there you go anyway hope you're
interested give me a call or email me if
you have any questions and hope we can
get this car in your driveway soon have
a great day